capital = 266

oob = "PER_1936"

set_convoys = 10
set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "PER_1936_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {	# Destroyers #
		name = "Babr Class"
		name_group = PER_SHIP_NAMES_ANIMALS_IMPERIAL
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_naval_oob = "PER_1936_naval_legacy"
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
	}
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
		PER = { is_ai = no }
	}
	set_technology = { armored_car1 = 1 }
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus" }
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
	load_oob = camel_template
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = { gwtank_chassis = 1 }
	else = {
		set_technology = { gwtank = 1 }
	}
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawker Audax"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_POR_early_fighter_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_air_oob = "PER_1936_air_legacy"
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawker Audax"
		type = cas_equipment_0
		upgrades = {
			plane_cas_upgrade = 2
			plane_range_upgrade = 0
			plane_engine_upgrade = 1
			plane_reliability_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_POR_early_fighter_medium"
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

#Political Leaders
recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_foroughi
recruit_character = PER_davud_monshizadeh
recruit_character = PER_Hassan_Modarres

#Other Characters
recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_gholamali_bayandor
recruit_character = PER_abdollah_zelli
recruit_character = PER_karim_agha_khan_buzarjomehri
recruit_character = PER_amanullah_jahanbani
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_amirahmadi
recruit_character = PER_feridum_jam
recruit_character = PER_Mohammad_Hosayn_Ayrom
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjaavan
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_assadollah_hosseinpour
recruit_character = PER_Mohammad_Hossein_Firooz
recruit_character = PER_Mahmoud_Afshartous
recruit_character = PER_Mir_Mohammad_Mohanna
recruit_character = PER_azizollah_zarghami
recruit_character = PER_abol_ghasem_kashani
recruit_character = PER_Mohammad_Sa_Ed
recruit_character = PER_Mohsen_Sadr
recruit_character = PER_Mohammad_Tadayyon
recruit_character = PER_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjavan

#Scientists
recruit_character = PER_mahmoud_hessabi
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_zirakzadeh
recruit_character = PER_ali_akbari

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Graveyard of Empires"}
	recruit_character = PER_mohammad_mosaddegh		#R56 tree currently uses create_country_leader on this guy. Character conversion on him should be done when there's time, and he should be made available to both DLC/non..
	recruit_character = PER_soleiman_eskandari
	recruit_character = PER_ali_dashti
	recruit_character = PER_zia_ol_din_tabatabee
	recruit_character = PER_iraj_eskandari
	recruit_character = PER_ruhollah_khomeini
	recruit_character = PER_fakhrafagh_parsa
	recruit_character = PER_andre_godard
	recruit_character = PER_arthur_millspaugh
	recruit_character = PER_ardeshir_ovanessian
	recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_davar
	recruit_character = PER_abdolhossein_hazhir
	recruit_character = PER_teymur_bakhtiar
	recruit_character = PER_ahmad_ahmadi
	recruit_character = PER_nikolai_markov
	recruit_character = PER_bahram_aryana
	recruit_character = PER_gholam_ali_oveissi
	recruit_character = PER_ahmad_amir_ahmadi
	recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_derakhshani
	recruit_character = PER_ghulam_yahya_daneshian
	recruit_character = PER_jafar_kavian
	recruit_character = PER_azad_hashemi
	recruit_character = PER_abbas_darja_nawardi
	recruit_character = PER_fawzia_faud
	recruit_character = PER_teymourtash
	recruit_character = PER_irandokht
	recruit_character = PER_generic_non_aligned
	recruit_character = PER_sky_guy
	recruit_character = PER_land_guy

	add_ideas = PER_anglo_iranian_oil_ns	#Starting ideas GOE Tree
	add_ideas = PER_rural_feudalism_ns
	add_ideas = PER_islamic_traditions_ns
	add_ideas = PER_azerbaijan_resistance_idea
	add_ideas = PER_kurdistan_resistance_idea

	## This is a placeholder name until the player picks a fascist party to form
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = fascism
		name = PER_ultra_nationalists
		long_name = PER_ultra_nationalists_long
	}
	### VARIABLES FOR POPULARITY ###
	set_variable = { PER_democratic_popularity = 20 }
	set_variable = { PER_communism_popularity = 5 }
	set_variable = { PER_neutrality_popularity = 60 }
	set_variable = { PER_fascism_popularity = 15 }

	set_popularities = {
		democratic = PER_democratic_popularity
		fascism = PER_fascism_popularity
		communism = PER_communism_popularity
		neutrality = PER_neutrality_popularity
	}

	### VARIABLES FOR AIRFORCE ###
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_doctrine_cost_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_ace_generation_chance_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_range_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_superiority_efficiency = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_intercept_efficiency = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_mission_xp_gain_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_agility_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_ground_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_experience_gain_air = 0.2 }
	set_variable = { PER_army_modifier_industrial_capacity_factory_airfoce = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_conscription_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_strategic_bomber_bombing_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_cas_present_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_airforce_modifier_air_defence_factor = 0 }

	### VARIABLES FOR LEGACY OF GREATNESS ###
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_pp = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_research = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_civ = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_stability = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_consumer_goods = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_industrial_capacity_factory = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_infra = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_factory_efficiency = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_legacy_conscription = 0}

	### VARIABLES FOR STAND WITH GIANTS ###
	set_variable = { PER_giants_pp = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { PER_giants_research = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_giants_civ = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_giants_stability = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { PER_giants_consumer_goods = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_giants_industrial_capacity_factory = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_giants_infra = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_giants_factory_efficiency = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_giants_conscription = 0}
	set_variable = { PER_giants_mils = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_giants_training_time = 0 }

	### Variables for opposition modifier
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_political_power_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_research_speed_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_stability_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_conscription_factor = -0.05 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_fascism_drift = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_communism_drift = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { PER_opposition_democratic_drift = 0.02 }
	set_variable = { PER_army_core_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_army_core_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { PER_fascist_militia_count = 4 }

	### VARIABLES FOR OFFENSIVE TACTICS ###
	set_variable = { PER_sub_unit_infantry_attack_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_sub_unit_infantry_irregular_attack_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_army_defence_factor = -0.05 }

	### VARIABLES FOR DEFENSIVE MANEUVRES ###
	set_variable = { PER_sub_unit_infantry_defence_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_sub_unit_infantry_irregular_defence_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { PER_army_attack_factor = -0.05 }

	### VARIABLES FOR SPECIAL FORCES ###
	set_variable = { PER_special_units_special_forces = 0.15 }
	set_variable = { PER_spec_force_training = -0.15 }
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Graveyard of Empires" }
	}
	recruit_character = PER_soleyman_mirza_eskandari
	recruit_character = PER_ahmad_mira_khosravani
	recruit_character = PER_mohammed_nakhjavani
	recruit_character = PER_Morteza_Qoli_Bayat
	recruit_character = PER_Ahmad_Qavam
	recruit_character = PER_Ja_Far_Pishevari
	recruit_character = PER_Hassan_Taqizadeh
	recruit_character = PER_dalir_pesyan
	recruit_character = PER_sohrab_tahmasebi
	recruit_character = PER_mir_afkhami
	recruit_character = PER_reza_mizani
	recruit_character = PER_hassan_majid_firooz
	recruit_character = PER_abdolreza_afkhami
	recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_deiva
	recruit_character = PER_hossein_afkhami
	recruit_character = PER_ali_zohayli
	recruit_character = PER_mahmud_jam
	recruit_character = PER_ali_khan_mansour

	set_stability = 0.65	#Vanilla tree uses base stab/ws
	set_war_support = 0.3
	add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 1 } 		#For the R56 oil payment idea
	country_event = { id = r56_persia.1 days = 3086 }		#R56 Event - Mohammed Shah dies of natural causes-> son succeeds
	add_ideas = {
		PER_anglo_iranian_oil_company
		PER_corrupted_bureaucracy
		limited_conscription
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 6
		fascism = 10
		communism = 4
		neutrality = 80
	}
	set_party_name = { 
		ideology = democratic 
		long_name = "Hezb-e Tajaddod" 
		name = "Hezb-e Tajaddod"
	}
	set_party_name = { 
		ideology = neutrality
		long_name = "Dudmân-e Pahlavi"
		name = "Dudmân-e Pahlavi"
	}
	set_party_name = { 
		ideology = communism
		long_name = "Hezb-e Komūnīst-e Iran" 
		name = "H.K.P."
	}
	set_party_name = { 
		ideology = fascism
		long_name = "Hezb-e Taraqqi" 
		name = "Hezb-e Taraqqi" 
	}
}
